Origin guidance and issuer details (#426)
ietf-wg-privacypass/base-drafts: draft-ietf-privacypass-auth-scheme.md

good user experience.

Origins SHOULD minimize the number of challenges sent on a particular client
session, such as a unique TLS session between a client and origin
(referred to as the "redemption context" in {{ARCHITECTURE}}). Similarly, clients
SHOULD have some implementation-specific policy to minimize the number of tokens
that can be retrieved by origins. One possible implementation of this policy is
to bound the number of token challenges a given origin can provide for a given
session.

Tokens challenges can be performed without explicit user involvement, depending
on the issuance protocol. If tokens are scoped to a specific origin,
there is no need for per-challenge user interaction. Note that the issuance
protocol may separately involve user interaction if the client needs to be
newly validated.

If a client cannot use cached tokens to respond to a challenge, either because
it has run out of cached tokens or the associated context is unique, the token
issuance process can add user-perceivable latency. Origins need not block
useful work such as loading the contents of a web page on token authentication.

> Instead, token authentication can be used in similar ways to CAPTCHA validation
> today, wherein validation sometimes proceeds alongside useful work, e.g., when
> loading contents of a web page, but without the need for user interaction.
> If issuance is taking a long time, an origin could fall back to another method
> of user validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, token authentication can be used in similar ways to existing CAPTCHA
validation flows, wherein validation sometimes proceeds alongside useful work,
e.g., when loading contents of a web page, but without the need for user interaction.
If issuance is taking a long time, an origin can fall back to another method
of user validation.
```

time can present the user with the puzzle.

To mitigate the risk of deployments becoming dependent on tokens, clients and
origins SHOULD grease their behavior unless explicitly configured not to. In
particular, clients SHOULD ignore token challenges with some non-zero
probability. From the origin's perspective, ignoring a token challenge is
indistinguishable from the issuance protocol failing for arbitrary reasons

> (excluding what can be inferred from latency between the client and origin interaction).

Author: I'm not sure I understand this comment. I would think that ignoring the challenge is the same as a failure to produce a token for any reason, including, e.g., the challenge being invalid. Do you have a specific instance where falling back to default behavior is distinguishable from acting as if the challenge never arrived, and if so, how the text could be updated to reflect that?

> (excluding what can be inferred from latency between the client and origin interaction).

Reviewer: The client ignoring means that no valid auth token is provided — you can't detect on the origin _why_ that is.
